CSCB58 Project Report: Winter 2019

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: Akathian
Last Name: Santhakumar
Student Number: 1003993798
UofT E-mail Address: akathian.santhakumar@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: Ahmad Ali
Last Name: Shah
Student Number: 1004192287
UofT E-mail Address: ahmadali.shah@mail.utoronto.ca

Project Plan
--------

Project Title: Rain


Provide a one paragraph description of your project: 

The game will consist of randomly falling blue rectangles (ie Rain) which the player will have to avoid by moving left or right
in order to score points. Each rain block that reaches the end without the player touching it will be one point.


What is your plan for the first week?
Implement the player block and be able to move it left and right


What is your plan for the second week?
Generate randomly falling rain blocks and implement collision with the player


What is your plan for the third week?
Add scoring feature


What is your backup plan if things don’t work out as planned?



Weekly Reports
--------------
Week 1: 
	We drew out the state diagrams required to draw and move the player block. We coded for the player block but we are stuck at getting the player to move properly. We are planning on researching this further by looking at other similar code that has horizontal moving blocks. 

Week 2:
	We got the player block to move using keys. Each block is controlled by switches for increased difficulty. The player block will move in right while the switch is on, and left while the switch is off. We added a scoring system: whenever the player is moving, their score will accumulate. If they are stationary (i.e. they are at the edges), their score will stop increasing in order to encourgae movement. We were initially having issues displaying the score. It would show the score, but it was being displayed using Hexadecimal. We used the double dabble algorithm to fix this and instead display it in decimal. We then added a second player, in order to make gameplay more interesting. We added a seperate score counter to keep track of the second player.

References
----------
<In this space clearly indicate all external sources used in this project. If you used anyone else's code (from previous B58 projects or other sources) clearly indicate what you used and where you found it. Usage of any material not credited in this space will be considered plagiarism. It is absolutely OK and expected to update this section as you progress in the projected.

Make sure to document what you added on top of the existing work, especially if you work with a previous project. What is it that YOU added?>

Moveable character sourced from this link
We changed the size of the player and the way you can move the player: it only stops moving when at ends of the screen, otherwise it is constantly moving
We also added a scoring system and a second player
https://github.com/julesyan/CSCB58-Final-Project/blob/master/project.v

Used this code for the double dabble algorithm. We added code to it so that it can display numbers in the thousands
https://pubweb.eng.utah.edu/~nmcdonal/Tutorials/BCDTutorial/BCDConversion.html


Repo & Video
------------
<At the end of the project, provide links to your code repository and presentation video (and passwords if not public>
https://github.com/Akathian/CSCB58_FinalProject
